# EZ-Entropy-a-software-application-for-the-entropy-analysis-of-physiological-time-series
EZ Entropy was developed in MATLAB® environment. It was programmed in an object-oriented style and was constructed with a graphical user interface. EZ Entropy is easy to operate through its compact graphical interface, thus allowing researchers without knowledge of programming like clinicians and physiologists to perform such kind of analysis. Besides, it offers various settings to meet different analysis needs including (1) processing single data recording, (2) batch processing multiple data files, (3) sliding window calculations, (4) recall, (5) displaying intermediate data and final results, (6) adjusting input parameters, and (7) exporting calculation results after the run or in real-time during the analysis. The analysis results could be exported, either manually or automatically, to comma-separated ASCII files, thus being compatible to and easily imported into the common statistical analysis software. Code-wise, EZ Entropy is object-oriented, thus being quite easy to maintain and extend.

EZ Entropy depends on another customized MATLAB class "physiologicaltimeseries". This is subclassed from the MATLAB timeseries class. Class physiologicaltimeseries can be found in my repository https://github.com/pliphd/Biomedical-signal

Occasionall, I'm cross referencing some helper functions that have been developed not only for this App. If you find anything that is missing in this repository, please check my plot-spec repository (https://github.com/pliphd/plot-spec).
